chore(release): changelog for v1.8.5 (#1237)
google/osv-scanner: CHANGELOG.md

# v1.8.5:

### Features:

- [Feature #1160](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/pull/1160) support fetching snapshot versions from a Maven registry

> - [Feature #1177](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/pull/1177) Support composite-based package overrides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Feature #1177](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/pull/1177) Support composite-based package overrides. This allows for ignoring entire manifests when scanning. 
```

- [Feature #1210](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/pull/1210) Add FIXED-VULN-IDS to guided remediation non-interactive output

### Fixes:

- [Bug #1220](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/issues/1220) Fix govulncheck calls on C code

> - [Bug #1236](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/pull/1236) Make Alpine ecosystem fallback to latest release version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bug #1236](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/pull/1236) Alpine package scanning now falls back to latest release version if no release version can be found.
```
